Question: What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repository, a hidden file (.git) is added to the current directory.  This hidden file stores metadata about the files in the directory.  It's needed in order for the git commands to work properly.

Question: How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is a state of the file at a given time that will be included in the next commit.  This may not be true for the working directory.  I'm not sure it adds any value.

Question: How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

It allows you to asynchronously add files to the staging area as they are finished.  This helps in the event that some of the files take more time to finish.  It also protects you from the scenario where you accidentally change a file after staging it.  The modification won't be included in the commit. 

Question: What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Whenever you want to experiment with the existing codebase.  If you would like to modify the system in a not yet approved way, a branch is a useful way to get there.

Question: How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

By having pointers going back to parents, it makes it very clear what constitutes a branch.  It's a linear collection of earllier commits.

Question: What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

A new commit is created.  This commit becomes the child of the master branch and the other branch.  The master branch subsequently becomes where that new commit occurs. 

Question: What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Pros: When Git automatically merges you can be confident that there is unlikely to be an issue in what is put together.  

Cons: In some cases, it may not be able to merge even though the items that are conflicting are not modifying the same content--only the same lines.  